Space-Time AStar (#1170)
AtsushiSakai/PythonRobotics: docs/modules/5_path_planning/time_based_grid_search/time_based_grid_search_main.rst

Time based grid search
----------------------

Space-time astar
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> This is an extension of AStar that supports planning around dynamic obstacles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is an extension of A* algorithm that supports planning around dynamic obstacles.
```
